so in estimating 10 point 1 million
pounds could be yours in the next minute
Geena Davis please wish us luck good
luck the key to every one of you I hope
you all win now off we go
first ball out tonight second ball is
number 16 bonus three times third ball
tonight
16,000 not bad see what I said about the
forties each time as the main ball pit
ball tonight for the 13th time the only
important six ball tonight
14 times now tonight's bonus another 40
tonight's lucky numbers in ascending do
better over there 16 and a 33 34
4649 the bonus this week 47
millionaires oh thanks you must be Bob
Jim Bowen Tom Jones Geena Davis and if
you're looking old all over you're like
there's always next week see you then
bye
the new king is taking his position very
seriously series the new pauper for
service to King I dub you light horizon
I'll handle meanwhile back at the palace
the secrets out for Tom Canty it would
serve England to my dying breath I am
NOT the King your master the Prince and
the pauper the adventure continues
tomorrow at 5:15 on BBC one is that a
threat or a promise she's back on the
case
this is a poison pen letter in search of
the truth
that lace came into it hasn't heard
we've no room here for that kind of
behavior with dangerous players and
trusted allies
I'm sorry mrs. main throat but from what
you've already God give me patience I do
so hope you will petit Wayne throb
investigates her new series of cases
starting this Friday 9:30 on BBC one
there's a new man at Holby general now
BBC one and he's ready to run the risk